[CLC-168]: Viridian Commands Tutorial (#238)
hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/managing-viridian-clusters.adoc

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian login
----

You will be asked for the API key and secret. Press kbd:[Enter] to confirm the input.
If the API key and secret are correct, you will get the following output:
[source, bash]
----
Viridian token was fetched and saved.
OK
----

If you get an error, make sure your Viridian API key and secret are correct and try again.

== Creating a Cluster on Viridian

To create a new cluster on Viridian, you can use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian create-cluster --name my-cluster --development
Imported configuration: my-cluster
OK
----
This command creates a development cluster named `my-cluster`.

== Listing Clusters on Viridian

To list existing clusters on Viridian, you can use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian list-clusters
----
This command lists the clusters, and you will see such an output:
[source, bash]
----
x1qvpphn        my-cluster     RUNNING 5.3.0-BETA-2
OK
----

== Create Data on the Viridian Cluster
To create data on the Viridian cluster, you can create map entries. To create a new map entry use the following command:

[source, bash]
----

> clc viridian map set foo bar

Reviewer: There's no `viridian map` command.

OK
----

To query the created map entry, you can use one of the following commands:

`map get` command reads the value for the given key:
[source, bash]
----
clc map get foo
bar
OK
----

`map key-set` command returns only the keys in the map:
[source, bash]
----
clc map key-set
foo
OK
----

`map key-set` command returns key-value pairs in the map:
[source, bash]
----
clc map entry-set
foo     bar
OK
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create Data on the Viridian Cluster

Creating a Viridian cluster automatically makes the connection configuration available to CLC.
The configuration has the same name with the cluster, `my-cluster` in this tutorial.

Let's set a key on a map using this configuration:
[source, bash]
----
clc -c my-cluster map set -n my-map my-key my-value
OK
----

Let's retrieve the value we just set:
[source, bash]
----
clc -c my-cluster map get -n my-map my-key
my-value
OK
----

== Managing Viridian Clusters using CLC
:description: In this tutorial, you'll learn the basics of managing Viridian clusters using CLC. You'll see how to create, list, delete clusters and also how to import data to them and how to download their logs. Also you'll learn how to perform stop/resume operations on Viridian clusters using CLC.

{description}

== Before You Begin

Be sure you logged in to your Viridian account. To be able to log in to Viridian use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian login
----

It is going to ask for `API Key` and `API Secret`. You can create them on link:https://viridian.hazelcast.com/settings/developer[Viridian Developer Settings Page]. If your login is successfully completed, you'll see the following:

[source, bash]
----
Viridian token was fetched and saved.
OK
----

Then, you are ready to go to the next steps.

== Creating a Cluster on Viridian
To create a new cluster on Viridian, you can use the following command:

[source, bash]
----

> clc viridian create-cluster --name foo --development

Reviewer: Maybe a different name, such as `my-cluster` would be more appropriate?

> clc viridian create-cluster --name foo --development

Author: I will remove it with the next PR that actually removes `--development`. I think, it will be more consistent.

OK
----

> This creates a development cluster named `foo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a development cluster named `foo`.
```

> == Downloading the Logs of the Viridian Cluster

Reviewer: I think we should talk about downloading logs later in the tutorial.

Could you move listing the cluster section here?

> You can download the Hazelcast cluster logs on Viridian by using the following command:

Reviewer: You can download logs for your cluster by using the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian download-logs foo
OK
----

> This command downloads the logs to the same directory with the CLC binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command downloads the logs to the current working directory.
By using the `--output-dir` flag you can, download the logs to thje given directory of your choice.
```

You can create them on link:https://viridian.hazelcast.com/settings/developer[Viridian Developer Settings Page].
After creating the Viridian API key and secret, run the following command for CLC to remember them:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian login
----

You will be asked for the API key and secret. Press kbd:[Enter] to confirm the input.
If the API key and secret are correct, you will get the following output:
[source, bash]
----
Viridian token was fetched and saved.
OK
----

If you get an error, make sure your Viridian API key and secret are correct and try again.

== Creating a Cluster on Viridian

To create a new cluster on Viridian, you can use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian create-cluster --name my-cluster --development
Imported configuration: my-cluster
OK
----
This command creates a development cluster named `my-cluster`.

== Listing Clusters on Viridian

To list existing clusters on Viridian, you can use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
clc viridian list-clusters
----
This command lists the clusters, and you will see such an output:
[source, bash]
----
x1qvpphn        my-cluster     RUNNING 5.3.0-BETA-2
OK
----

> == Downloading the Logs of the Viridian Cluster

Reviewer: Could you add a section before this one that shows how to use the configuration imported after the cluster is created? It could be something simple, like `map set` and then `map get`.

You can download logs for your cluster by using the following command:
[source, bash]
----
clc viridian download-logs my-cluster
OK
----
This command downloads the logs to the current working directory.
By using the `--output-dir` flag, you can download the logs to the given directory of your choice.

> == Stop/Resume a Cluster on Viridian

Author: Addressed in a separate PR, which is more relevant: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/240

> You can stop a running cluster by using its name or ID by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can stop a running cluster by using its name or ID by executing the command below. See link:https://docs.hazelcast.com/cloud/stop-and-resume[Pausing and Resuming Clusters] documentation for more information.
```

> You can stop a running cluster by using its name or ID by executing the following command:

Author: Addressed in a separate PR, which is more relevant: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/240

[source, bash]
----

> clc viridian stop-cluster my-cluster

Author: Addressed in a separate PR, which is more relevant: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/240

OK
----
When you want to resume it, you can execute the following command by using its name or ID:
----
clc viridian resume-cluster my-cluster
OK
----

== Deleting a Cluster on Viridian

> You can delete an existing cluster on Viridian by its name or ID, you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an existing cluster on Viridian using its name or ID by executing the command below. See link:https://docs.hazelcast.com/cloud/deleting-a-cluster[Deleting a Cluster] documentation for more information.
```
